docs: Minor fixes in NgModules section (#36177)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/ngmodule-vs-jsmodule.md

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
```

> JavaScript modules help you use namespaces to prevent accidental global variable assignments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript modules help you use namespaces to prevent you from accidentally assigning global variables.
```

I don't know if this rewrite has the same meaning. My goal was to avoid the "stack" of nouns at the end of the sentence.

Author: Nice catch @aikidave 😉
